// [.root] / [.aws] /

# .elastic-ip

**Extends:** [.tags-all](.tags-all.md)

## Synopsis

```
tfadm COMMAND [OPTIONS] .elastic-ip [{environment}]...
tfadm COMMAND [OPTIONS] .elastic-ip [{domain}]...
```

## Description

Allocates an Elastic IP address to your AWS account.

After you allocate the Elastic IP address you can associate it with an instance or network interface. After you release an Elastic IP address, it is released to the IP address pool and can be allocated to a different AWS account.

You can allocate an Elastic IP address from an address pool owned by AWS or from an address pool created from a public IPv4 address range that you have brought to AWS for use with your AWS resources using bring your own IP addresses (BYOIP).

If you release an Elastic IP address, you might be able to recover it. You cannot recover an Elastic IP address that you released after it is allocated to another AWS account. To attempt to recover an Elastic IP address that you released, specify it in this operation.

## Properties

- **`allocation_name`**

  The name of the allocation.

- **`public_ipv4_pool`**

  The ID of an address pool that you own or `amazon`.

- **`customer_owned_ipv4_pool`**

  The ID of a customer-owned address pool. Use this parameter to let Amazon EC2 select an address from the address pool. Alternatively, specify a specific address from the address pool.

- **`network_border_group`**

  A unique set of Availability Zones, Local Zones, or Wavelength Zones from which AWS advertises IP addresses. Use this parameter to limit the IP address to this location. IP addresses cannot move between network border groups.

## Methods

### terraform.import()

```bash
terraform "-chdir={domain}" import "-input=false" "aws_eip.{allocation_id_}" "{AllocationId}"
```

## Direct Sub-resources

- [.subnet/elastic-ip](.subnet/elastic-ip.md)

## See Also

- [Terraform resource: `aws_eip`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/eip)

[.aws]: README.md
[.root]: ../../../.tfadm/resources/README.md
